[1] Vasileios Mavroeidis, Kamer Vishi and Audun Jøsang. A framework for data-driven physical security and insider threat detection. *2018 IEEE/ACM International Conference on Advances in Social Networks Analysis and Mining (ASONAM)*. p. 1108-1115. IEEE, ,  2018.<br/><br/>[2] Nils Gruschka, Vasileios Mavroeidis, Kamer Vishi and Meiko Jensen. Privacy Issues and Data Protection in Big Data: A Case Study Analysis under GDPR. *2018 IEEE International Conference on Big Data (Big Data)*. p. 5027-5033. IEEE, ,  2018.<br/><br/>[3] Kamer Vishi and Vasileios Mavroeidis. An Evaluation of Score Level Fusion Approaches for Fingerprint and Finger-vein Biometrics. *Proceedings of the 10th Norwegian Information Security Conference (NISK 2017)*. p. 124-134. BibSys - Ministry of Education and Research of Norway, ,  2017.<br/><br/>[4] Kamer Vishi. The Ethics of Smart-Environments Privacy: Smart-Meter Case Study. *NMNSES9100 – Science, ethics and society*. p. 1-30. Technical Report. University of Oslo, ,  2018.<br/><br/>[5] Kamer Vishi and Audun Jøsang. A New Approach for Multi-Biometric Fusion Based on Subjective Logic. *Proceedings of the 1st International Conference on Internet of Things and Machine Learning (IML 2017)*. p. 11. ACM Digital Library, Liverpool, UK,  2017.<br/><br/>[6] Kamer Vishi and Sule Yildirim Yayilgan. Multimodal Biometric Authentication Using Fingerprint and Iris Recognition in Identity Management. *Proceedings of the 9th International Conference on Intelligent Information Hiding and Multimedia Signal Processing (IIH-MSP)*. p. 334-341. IEEE, Beijing, China, August 2013.<br/><br/>[7] Vasileios Mavroeidis, Kamer Vishi and Mateusz D. Zych. The Impact of Quantum Computing on Present Cryptography. *International Journal of Advanced Computer Science and Applications (IJACSA)*. p. 405-414. , ,  2018.<br/><br/>